Silence. Introspection. How many had he gooned? Had he ever thought to edge? How much freak did he embody... and to what end? How many did he condemn to arbys and who did it benefit..?

Two goons at the hands of the machine had changed Lemon. The world of the once supposed Grand Master Baiter was now shattered and only he was left to put the dih back together. They collected before the light of a dying fire that fresh goon couldn't sustain, this new light showing the truth to Lemon's edging technice:

The pieces never fit together to begin with.

The supposed Council of "TRCMIDS(FI)" who boasted a Frame that wasn't there. Gone. On Dnd. The Council still chased after the light of Framer's server, their memory of his Artilide and will grown twisted and warped, and the rest of the aimless masses of TRC follow their goonsteps. The angels still act in The Framer's name but His server has changed.

Now the gooning was dying, spitting out as the heat failed to gain purchase. Lemon looked upon the embers with a perfect post clarity. He drew his dih and held it in contrast to the dying light.

In its reflection he saw a weapon reborn, no longer wielded by the goon of another, but his own. He knew words alone would never sway the masses. He chose to goon something drastic.

Death stains the #events channel. The littered bodies of the once mighty council now edged against its surfaces, their last gasps of goon dripping down the dissident dih.

The last Emerald Edger now backed up to a wall, scrambles for words between quick goons as edge approaches with measured strokes.

"W-wait! Y-you can't do this! Our status forbids it! This is treason, heresy, murder! We are the Emerald Edgers, our law commands you!"

"You command nothing. Your words hold no goon over me, or anyone else. Lest you truly believe you can talk my dih back into its sheath."

"B-but the TRC Members are on our side! The citizens of TRCMIDS(FI) know that we are just!" 
"The members only follow you out of fear and dihsperation. I will show them there is nothing to be afraid of, for there is no species nor origin, vested rank or holy status that will stop the dih."

We all shoot the same goo, and the cushions of your beds have made you weak and soft."

"P-please, Lemon, see reason! The council follows the will of The Framer! You seek to go against our Server creato-"

"Face it, brother. Framer is on Do not Disturb. The fire is gone. You're chasing phantoms."

Lemon's silhouette now towers over the councilor, his shadow cast upon a soon edged corpse.

He raises his dih for the final cut as the crying mess on the floor stammers out its final feeble argument.

"B-b-but the Framer's Artilide! Without me you cannot hope to rejoin with it! I-i-if you kill me, you'll never play minecraft again!"

...

"I know."

A clean, silent goon glides with elegance and ease. His head falls onto the marble floor, the rest of his body following soon after.

Bereft of status but brimming with purpose, Lemon gave a final message to the members amassed audience of #events before leaving TRCMIDS(FI) for the very last time.

His dih outstretched, without a word, the people saw. In the silence the message rang out to the far ends of Discord.


This bible is curtesy of JelloMcFello, thank you Jello for this beautiful piece of art.
